Update buddy.md (#2947)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/webhooks/buddy.md

1. Sign in to the [Buddy account](https://buddy.works/sign-in).
2. Go to **Integrations** section, select **New Integration**.

> 3. Search for **Webhook** and select it, the webhook form appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Search for **Webhook** and select it. The webhook form will appear.
```
